yo what's going on guys it's your boy
insane kryptonite here right now was to
live for tonight battle royale squad
goes we were playing with sweet sugar
apple and haze shutter so remember guys
this video is sponsored by insane grips
go check them out on Twitter link is in
the description below get 20% off your
first order by using the code che but
also remember that I'm now partnered
with Cong eSports as well what are the
best e sports communities out there so
without further ado we're gonna mute
these two of the people we're gonna get
into some squad goals see what we could
do remember to smash that like button
subscribe and share if you haven't
already business right now but yes your
point in saying kryptonite
let's get these other two a muted yeah
i'll turn that down right who am i
joining ya'll aadum come on my UTV bar
I'm gonna move
Oh No
[Music]
how many people left in your game 11
there you are guys we are just waiting
for these two to finish their game do
apologize
that
that's me
I'll be using launchpad yes
Oh Oh stuck there and these don't knock
his prick of a teammate and I knew if
it's gonna jump back to me I shoulda
just left that poor bitch language
please
yes I can
how a voice all because I told you you
echo you're not through material just
tell him baby I'll listen to you it's
not my headset it's your my headsets all
the way down it's just it's just the
fact that you echoing through my headset
understood God it really isn't it's not
I know that
hurry up and join them
yeah thanks yeah right who am i joining
now you both same one anyway yeah
but Adam Conover
I can't even never mind all right well
we're doing a squad or
yellow
nobody
[Music]
I told you I don't know just a few turns
on my coat from last time what time my
dad just a slight bit more that's never
been my mind right anybody accurate CA
does echo in and I'm echo it says
definitely I'm not going through Aiden
never mind don't
yeah anyway let's go what we do is squad
or fifty-fifty all right let's do let's
do let's do squad no so yeah all thank
you very much for joining the stream
viewers thank you very very much be sure
to drop a like and subscribe if you are
new to the channel and also remember the
sponsor for today is insane grip so go
check them out on Twitter
I didn't say grips and also go check the
website out insane grips co uk and use
code che for 20% off I don't forget to
give them a follow as well as the past
partnership I have as well with Cong
team gaming go give them a follow on
Twitter as well my dudes I already said
in the beginning don't worry
yeah so you could hear yes because I had
you muted remember he just was in my
stream at that point in time I don't
know why I just tried to load up I've
got a full spot loading up on it I don't
know if I realize I can read my
allotment you know I'm not blind
129 subscribers thank you very very much
guys
[Music]
where the job
dropping
[Music]
DJ hates tee shot to you my brother done
streams gaming shout-out to you thought
you had no kit thinking me Mike yes I
didn't have a mic in same grips how you
doing pencil joining now shame god how
you doing my brother thank you very much
for joining no problem
yeah one two three four West to 85 for
three months to 85 one right two guys
have landed in the truck
they've landed there yeah let's roll
let's roll guys as well football is in
command as well so if you do want to go
three yeah yeah just
I got Rocky
the slowest guy ever to get her to dive
and I thought yeah and then I saw him so
I rocket launched them and then they
killed me would you just take your time
by running around the whole building
yeah they're quite weak anyway that yeah
they're quite weak anyway because I'll
rocket launch them coming to your right
to your right to your right oh yeah oh I
thought I thought you survived that one
I seriously thought you could that
stupid me alright let's radio maybe we
will choose a better places though no
idea no idea to be quite fair alright
that didn't start out too well that did
not start out too well let's hit up the
controls on for spot right now
you know it's been that long again since
I used fusspot
it's been that long since of useful spot
forgot how to I forgot what the
commander
all right
right bro ulanda the human that hidden
tree just you learn to the houses fall
left to the houses father
so guys if you have subscribed to the
channel within the last day please let
me know in the comments just so I could
check the channel go check your channel
this just giving me shotgun Lu or some
of mine literally over about three pumps
hey you got a skull right off the bat
that's all fair man you can't do that
this one fair
I want that skull giving me you keep the
Scarman you need it more than I do I
[Laughter]
have no idea if the games been lucky
over the last couple of days what do you
mean by Logan is in lugging how
don't know have you done the new update
on the ps4
y'all got someone on my Adin Adin
someone on me yeah yeah yeah come
through the come through the door I'll
go through this you might as well fuck
yeah you popped up
as I was slipping remember
ah that's how you do tree give me
directions southeast Northwest is what
just straight east nice nice you Russian
from left I'll Russian from right yeah
you ready to Russia where is he gone
really yeah yeah I know no no I know I
know where he was
it's just a fact that I I was bandaged
him when he was shooting you because
there's no way I woulda took a lot of my
mean when you yeah just a founder is you
know that top seven you have to put a
space in between like top and then seven
so we've got nightbot who's obviously
you've got the umbrella bro what the
frosty one
but now top design you got it with me
and just one again yeah no you've got a
winner squad game or soda first it's
night box second is gesture de spoon for
fees Bubba's with his mic event
Oh Jessie miles already go oh yeah I
wonder 50 bodies to do it underneath
tomorrow Tonya this is what 28 people
remaining come on Barry you got a sniper
I've got 12 if you want just be careful
of the people that decide to hide in
these bushes
Hey literally earlier earlier running
this game I was playing I I had like
eight kills to begin with literally got
out this storm after taking out two man
what's a like forty percent half a head
behind this tree I bandaging myself up
all of a sudden I get shot from behind
and I'm like are you absolutely joking
literally the guy was just like
point-blank behind me hid in a bush and
I just sat there I was like what the
hell just happened
yo vanilla wafer just number to push
your channel by the way you made some
awesome videos want to check out my
channel maybe do a club sometime just
hit me up on insta no problem that's
absolutely fine I've been on the waiter
feel free to hit me up on Twitter and
you're sure to be in touch don't really
use in stuff for social things other
than personal life
Thanks
we've got a sniper shot ahead South one
satisfied just on me on me yeah yeah
what I want to try and get it right Jess
I'm going to build all the way up here
I'm gonna go run this way oh just
hey how many grenades - these guys have
some serious level right now that you
building this sorry yes it was literally
on top of the actual mount in this
building over
it's gone on top of the roof mate what
you trying shit was I just knew it just
knew it Aidan please you know like I
can't see people and I'll shoot when I'm
ready to you know not him I'm just
saying people in general you know if I
see them if I said I've already seen
them I'll shoot when I think yeah to be
fair I thought I'd grabbed it but I
actually grab the ammo instead of it
gets it gets on my nerves it like it
grubs the ammo before it grabs the gun I
wish it grabbed the gun before it grabs
the ammo you really gets on my nerves
Oh
literally I saw that coming
sorry
[Music]
yeah
like that though
yeah I see em I see em I see em he's
landed a hill he's landed a hill
we need to change this game smart nice
nice but if you want I've got to slow so
you can just quickly pop us slush No
y'all-y'all job someone's on me
oh come on but you guys are not even
moving your sniping
oh just roll up to the guy is low on
health man just you've got one guy
coming down your way you should see him
straight ahead
[Music]
right we need to choose yeah definitely
definitely need to choose something else
too that somewhere else to land because
London at Weyland just ain't doing us
any I didn't to be fair he literally run
straight into me not even joking no I
was running I was yes I was running over
to the next set of houses as I was
running over to those next their houses
probably the best idea to be fair
ready up them
I want a right
I'm level 21 all right shut up it's all
right for you to yeah you getting all
this extra shape to require on this
Aidan you know I mean I I'm not really
going to use his money's no as I said
anything it's only another days just
about to your Pleasant
[Music]
right
and I've got a hip on
sniper you just looked - snipers just
look having two snipers you sure you
obey the new software how how is this
even possible right now
how is this possible
three blue bolt-action snipers in a row
no not even joking fun three you'll come
to me then you think I'm coming out
there crazy mofo I'm not even joking
right now
oh yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna clip that
took a photo yeah you come into me away
don't believe two snipers I'm a it's one
guy which way give me the director saw
West South 495 south 195
I'm sure knew myself to 10 you going
yeah yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
way less rush I am being shot I keep
hearing bullets fly past my head yeah
well I'm gonna get my ass to that circle
have you not done twin towers you offers
what are you really
I'm a go yeah yeah nothing nothing
nothing new forest here either darkness
God
honest to God Johanna shotgun a MIDI
have 55 yo come here and drop me some
yeah I've got 13 13 nevermind Wes 255
to prefer date I probably don't have
enough building materials
yeah well you could have to start
building that hurry up because I have
nothing now yeah well I don't really
fancy having a bloody sniper shot in my
head right now 27 people left me trap
just picked up
hate me I destroyed the wall here well
not well smashing through a wall would
not destroy it y'all-y'all distri in
straight ahead of me I'm gonna see him I
see him I see him there south north east
the Northeast there's like two guys that
are just killing each other either you
look at me
hey did you take the guide to the right
I took the guy to the left here you
wanna mess kit I've got a med kit for
you if you want hey I think hit me as
well Dayoung yo come behind the
ice-cream truck man no don't really care
at the moment I'm med kit what you
trying to go towards social I'll make it
[Laughter]
[Music]
how how the hell could you possibly see
them building we are becoming
[Laughter]
yo shall we play some 5050 or summer
after this one yep
as they say never believe a woman I'm
just
[Music]
what
hopping away
[Music]
I caught me a
don't headed over we've got two mine
that go to the tree aid in the go to the
tree
tell me of course Karl already what is
this guy's look on getting scars each
and every time like come on
yeah don't you think he should start
sharing no no don't worry about all
right all right
I'm coming I'm coming I'm coming I'm
coming just go see him 105 no no no wow
one shot with a pump shotgun taking off
75% shield and a hundred hell not a
chance on this earth not a chance on
this earth yeah
[Applause]
nicely done
yeah that was my blu-ray Oh
that's festered you
anyway guys I'm gonna end the stream
here just with squad dollars with hey
Shaw and sweet sugar and Jewboy insane
kryptonite
tune in for the next one be sure to
follow on Twitter slap that like button
and subscribe as well be sure to drop my
sponsor for today's video a follow on
Twitter I do the same grips thank you
very much for watching but your boy is
saying kryptonite take care guys